Minor tweaks & en-us spellcheck (#45)
quantcdn/docs: docs/dashboard/page-rules.md

You can create complex matching patterns by using the wildcard character (`*`). These matches can be captured and reused in the resulting action.

With this flexibility you can create many complex rule sets, for example:

  * Match content under `/private/files/*` and apply an authentication shield
  * Match content at `*` and proxy the entire domain (traditional CDN)

>   * Match content at `/api/v1/*` and proxy to an API micro-service (optionally enforcing cache-time on the response)

Author: ```suggestion
  * Match content at `/api/v1/*` and proxy to an API microservice (optionally enforcing cache-time on the response)
```

>   * Match content at `/api/v2/*` and proxy to a separate API micro-service

Author: ```suggestion
  * Match content at `/api/v2/*` and proxy to a separate API microservice
```
